# yolo-wallhack

## ExecSummary

This is a chat application that allows for users to chat via the web page and
also allows for broadcast messages that are sent into the node server via a
direct tcp socket as well as file tailing with those contents sent to the
clients. A python script is used to demonstrate the latter capacilities.

## What

Node.js is at the heart of this chat application. It uses express to handle user
connections and to serve index.html. When a user submits a message, that
message is sent to the backend node server from the client JS file. The node
server will then emit (forward) that message to all connected clients.

Sitting alongside the express/http server is a simple TCP server. This TCP
server is open and listening for messsages that come in over the socket. To
illustrate how to use this, you'll find a simple python application. The python
application connects to the open TCP port and submits a JSON message.

Another method for getting data to the clients is via file tailing. The tail
npm package is used to monitor a file. When new contents are available in the
file, it is captured and forwarded to the clients.

## How

1. Clone the repo
2. Start the node app: `node app.js`
3. In your browser, go to `http://localhost:3000`
4. Submit chat message. Message should appear in top view of all connected clients.
5. Run `client.py msg <yourmessage>`
6. Message generated by `client.py` should appear in top view of all connected clients.
7. Run `client.py stream <yourmessage>`. This will store `<yourmessage>` in a file.
8. The new line, `<yourmessage>`, that was just stored in the file will be sent to the clients.
